pages/users/pricelist.en.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Ceník

V rámci této sekce je možné spravovat položky v ceníku.

Pro položku ceníku je možné definovat následující informace:

- Name (povinné pole)
- Price (povinné pole)
- Special price
- Start date of special price
- End date of special price

<Callout type="info" emoji="💡">
    A calendar is available for a clear display of the dates of promotional prices (click to view the item)
</Callout>

# Adding a new item

1. Click on the green button ➕ located on the bottom right of the screen (the creation form will open in place of the container with the list of items).

![Hello](/images/pricelist.PNG)

2. Fill out the form
3. Click the green **Save** button

# Editing an item

1. Click on the relevant item in the price list (a form will be displayed)
2. Edit the required information in the form
3. Click the green **Save** button

![Hello](/images/pricelist-edit.PNG)

# Deleting an item

1. Click on the relevant item in the price list (a form will be displayed)
2. Click the red button **Delete**
3. Confirm the deletion by clicking the **Confirm** button

Commit message:

Price list fix & added favicon

pages/users/pricelist.en.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Price List

Within this section, it is possible to manage items in the price list.

The following information can be defined for a price list item:

- Name (povinné pole)
- Price (povinné pole)
- Special price
- Start date of special price
- End date of special price

<Callout type="info" emoji="💡">
    A calendar is available for a clear display of the dates of promotional prices (click to view the item)
</Callout>

# Adding a new item

1. Click on the green button ➕ located on the bottom right of the screen (the creation form will open in place of the container with the list of items).

![Hello](/images/pricelist.PNG)

2. Fill out the form
3. Click the green **Save** button

# Editing an item

1. Click on the relevant item in the price list (a form will be displayed)
2. Edit the required information in the form
3. Click the green **Save** button

![Hello](/images/pricelist-edit.PNG)

# Deleting an item

1. Click on the relevant item in the price list (a form will be displayed)
2. Click the red button **Delete**
3. Confirm the deletion by clicking the **Confirm** button
